July 1978, Austin, Texas. Interview with General
Charles Bond. This is a test. Terry Anderson.
This is an interview with Major General Charles
Bond, Jr. Today is the 21st of July, 1981. Let's
start off by talking about your early years and
could you tell me about your parents? Well, my
early years with respect to the military I often
thought probably started in 1930 when I went to
Forrest High School in Dallas, Texas and joined
the high school ROTC as a buck private. That's the
first time I put on anything resembling a military
uniform and I think that's when it started. I grew
to like the military and being a poor boy. Tell me
about that. I want to find out about your growing
up. Tell me, where'd you grow up? I was born in
Dallas, Texas in 1915, 22nd of April.
I lived in Dallas my entire life except for the time
when I entered the military service. And then when
I retired, I came back and retired in Dallas.
I had
two sisters and three brothers. Large family.
Large family. And my father was a painter and paper
painter. We were definitely a poor family even in
those days. I was old enough in 1929, 30, 31 to
remember the Depression. And there's no doubt
those times definitely made an impression on me.
Okay, we're going to talk about that a little bit
later. Let's talk about your father's education.
My father probably never went further than the
fourth or fifth grade in grammar school. He, in
effect, ran away from home about the age of eight.
Really? Yeah. Where was he from? Where was his
home? He was born in Dallas. And back in the 1870s,
something like that, he died at 89 years old. And I
think he went up to Colorado as a young boy. He
eventually came back home a member of a large
family and started a painting business. My mother
How successful was the painting business? He
stayed busy, but it had its ups and downs. Of
course, during the Depression, it was hard to get
work. I remember going out with him when I was a
little kid to hunt rabbits to get food. I remember
cutting wood to bring home to have heat. Indeed, I
remember the Depression. My mother, I doubt
seriously if she ever finished third or fourth
grade. She was from Oklahoma. And neither one of
them had an education. It was my young years in life
that I learned the value of education and the
effects of poverty. And I guess... Who told you
this, or who taught you this? My experience. My
experience. taught me this and I guess it was then
in my younger years that I practically made a solid
vow to myself that I would get an education some way
and pull myself up above the poverty that my family
had to live in. I don't criticize or blame my mother
and father one bit. Matter of fact, my mother was a
saint if there ever was one. by nature of their lack
of education. In effect, they taught me
negatively if you will. They didn't know any
better. And I learned by what they didn't know and
saw the impact it had on me and the family by them not
being educated and so forth. What kind of person
was your dad? My dad was a very independent
type of person, very sensitive. He was a typical
person that without an education and being
poverty stricken he had an inferiority complex
and at times was a very angry and almost a mean man.
Mean toward you or toward other people? Toward the
family. I think my dad was probably responsible
for taking most of the kids out of the school. My
brothers and sisters, except for one brother,
never finished grammar school. No kidding. And
then I'll get back to the A&M in a minute to how I got
to A&M. When I graduated from high school, I
couldn't afford to go to college. I had to go to
work. Did he want to take you out of high school? He
did. Why did you ever stay in? by just sheer
determination and my friends, parents helping
me, knowing I was determined to go to school. And
that's one reason I love the military, I guess.
It's my first attraction to the military.
Military wears uniform. This makes people look
equal. Had I been a civilian, I dare say I wouldn't
have been able to clothe myself properly to go to
school. During the summer, I worked. with my dad in
the painting business and save enough money to buy
clothes to go to school the following fall. What
about the type of person that your mother was? My
mother was a very uneducated person, but
dedicated and like I say, a perfect saint. The
deprivation she went through and the sacrifice
she went through for the family was just, there's
nothing in my experience in 66 years and compared
to it as far as I'm concerned. There's no doubt that
she's in heaven. Both of them, I think, really are
in heaven.
A very understanding person, and the sacrifices
she made for the kids, it was something. Now, you
became a leader, and were either of your parents in
any way leaders? Definitely not. Definitely not.
Again, that's the reason I say the things I learned
from them in a negative sort of way that they
weren't. I just knew that I was going to have to
learn these things or raise myself above the
various levels of living that no money, no
participation in social life, no clothing,
actually hungry at times, respect from your
fellow man. Sure. These things, which we didn't
have, I guess was imbued in me as a kid. And like
psychiatrists and psychologists say, the things
that you grow up in your environment as a kid, they
affect your later life. Sure,
absolutely. Again, I don't criticize my mother
and father, nor my sisters and brothers. Was the
family in any way religious? My mother was very
religious, and she tried to continue to get kids to
go to church. My father cared less. My father and
mother were a little bit different. Both of them,
my mother had very high morals and my father not
quite so high morally. But they stuck together.
What type of church? The Congregation Church,
First Congregation Church in Dallas, way back in
the early 20s. and then finally the Presbyterian
Church.
Was religion in any way an influence on your life
growing up? Very little, very little. Now, what
were the values that they tried to teach you, or did
they ever try to teach any values? Say again? The
type of values that they tried to instill in you.
Well, my father just told me to work. You need to
work and contribute. And in his reasoning, he had
to do this, see, when he was a kid. Sure. And he felt
that if he had to work and contribute to the family,
then so should his boys do the same thing. And quite
often, we'd work all week, and it'd end up he
wouldn't pay us. Really? Which caused a
considerable distaste between, and downright
hatred sometimes. Why wouldn't he pay you? Well,
for one thing, there were bills that you had to pay,
and on the other hand, there were a lot of times, I'm
sure, that Dad just felt that when he worked for the
family, they had to contribute to their upkeep,
and that we kids should do the same way. Sure. But
many times he did pay us, and that's how I got money
for the coming year to go to school. So hard work.
hard work. My dad believed in hard work, and bless
his heart, he worked hard. He was painting and
climbing up and down ladders when he was in his
early 80s. And I noticed that my people called me a
workaholic. I don't consider it work. Today I'm
retired and I love to work in the yard, and people
say I'm working all the time. They call it work. I
call it diversion. and keeping busy and loving it.
Yeah, enjoying yourself. Enjoying it. You became
a major general leader. In what way do you think
your parents are responsible for your success?
Well, going back to my previous statement, the
negative way in which they impressed me on things
to achieve, to get someplace, It might very well be
one of the reasons I decided to join the United
States Army. Fifteenth Field Artillery at Fort
Sam Houston in 1935 was by determination to get a
chance to go to college. I graduated from high
school in 1933, Forest High School. And I had
aspirations of wanting to be an aeronautical
engineer, and I knew I'd have college to get a
degree. I wanted to go to A&M then, in the early 30s.
Well, 30s, I mean 34, I wanted to go to A&M, but I
couldn't afford it. And of course, there was a
negative attitude on the part of my father. He
wanted me to work. I did work in the station for a
while, then with him for a while. But I lost your
train of thought. What did you ask me? I was
wondering about the ways in which your parents are
responsible for getting them in Your success?
Well, again, determination. I was going to
achieve this. This was the last thing I did. I was
going to get someplace. This was the last thing I
did. I was going to get out of the environment.
Perhaps that's one reason I decided to join the
Army. I was going to get an education. They didn't
have one. My older brothers and sisters didn't
have an education. Looking back now, I don't know
how in the world at that age I even had enough
foresight to sit and consider such things that you
might say adults consider today, what effect it's
going to have on me in the future. And I had a chance
to join the Army for one year to compete for entry to
West Point through appointments that the Army
gave from enlisted people. And I went to Fort Sam
Houston for one year, and I remember making a grade
of 96 on the entrance exam to West Point, which
would be easily qualifying me for an entry if it had
a congressional appointment, but I didn't have
enough there again. I didn't have enough clout or
contacts, if you will, through my father and
mother and my friends to get a congressional
appointment. But there were only 23, I think, 23
vacancies, 26, something like that. And so you
didn't go? I didn't go. But again, it might be that
it was for the best, because I turned right around
and took the written examination to the flying
cadets. And lo and behold, passed that. So I
entered the Flying Cadets without any college
whatsoever in 1938. But it seems to me, then, that
one of the things that you had was a desire to
escape. Right. Exactly. Determination to
escape, I guess I should say. And get out of the
environment. I didn't like it. Even at that age, I
guess I was ashamed of part of it, the way we lived. I
can look back now and remember embarrassing
moments that I was ashamed of. No different, I
guess, from any poverty-stricken family. Hunger
never did really bother me. I say I went hungry, I
didn't really go real hungry, but definitely
without money. I went to high school many days
without a penny in my pocket and skipped lunch.
How'd you get along with your brothers and
sisters? You had a large crew.
My brothers and sisters respected me then, and of
course they respect me today. As a matter of fact,
my youngest brother, through my efforts, went to
Texas A&M. I paid his way through. And then he
followed me and went to the Air Force and did fairly
well. He got to be a lieutenant colonel before he
retired. My oldest brother God bless his heart,
helped me. He bought my graduation suit when I
graduated from high school. No kidding. My oldest
sister, who's dead now, was, again, she was like my
mother, quite a saint. And she helped me. She knew
that I wanted to improve. And she had the same ideas
and philosophies of life I had. But another sister
I had, we didn't get along too well together. and
another younger brother, we had respect, mutual
respect for each other.
My childhood life definitely had an impact on my
desires to become something in life. And I
attribute that, as I say, to sort of a negative way
to my mother and father. What they didn't have, I
would determine and get. Okay, now let's talk
about your education. But before we do that, I want
to check. I wear a hearing aid, but it's not really
that bad. Mostly it's resolution. Okay, now as far
as your education, let's start... It's rather
unusual when a father does not finish high school
or even go to high school and then does not want
their son to go on. And you did. And your other
brothers didn't. You must have been very
determined. So let's talk about your education,
your early years. Well, of course, I went to
grammar school at Colonial Hill Grammar School in
South Dallas, near where we lived. And always did
well. Again, I guess I did very well in grammar
school. As a matter of fact, I was better than a C
average kid, I'm sure. And I did well in athletics.
I was a member of the softball team. And got along
well with students. Always got along well with
other students. Made a U one day. one time in music,
and it almost killed me. And I remember crying and
talking to the teacher about it, and the next
grade, which was three months after that, I
practiced straight A's. And this carried on
through high school. In high school I practiced
straight A's. What were your favorite subjects?
I think in grammar school, my favorite subjects
were drawing and arithmetic. In high school,
definitely science, physics, and military. I
loved the ROTC. And it was obvious as I proceeded
through high school that I was doing well, or
better than the average, and I felt more
competent. And I guess it's one of the reasons
Self-confidence, you know, you develop. Yeah,
school developed some self-confidence for you
because you were doing so well in comparison with
your peers. Is that right? Right. OK, were you in
activities? You said earlier that you played some
softball. Were you on the varsity in any sports?
Well, in grammar school, I was always on the soccer
team, the softball team. I was one of the dominant
figures in my classes in all sports in a grammar
school, if you will, like soccer and softball.
In
high school, I was on the field and track team as a
discus and javelin thrower, and I represented
Forest High School.
some medals. When I went to summer military camp, I
always won those events in the entire summer camp
of Walter Dulles High School, in the discus and
javelin, and in the baseball throw. I probably
still hold the record for baseball throw at Camp
Dulles at Mineral Wells in 1934. No kidding. As a
kid that age throwing a baseball is 320 feet.
That's fantastic. I'm sure that record shows. You
threw a baseball on a football field? 320 feet. And
even when it hit, it hit a flagpole about 20 feet
above the ground. So it had gone further. And
furthermore, it was a wet baseball. And football,
I was a- You should have played in the outfield. You
should have played in the outfield. Well, I played
usually second base.
And
the other sport in high school was football. I
didn't care for basketball or baseball. I
actually didn't have time much going for those
sports. But I was a famous one minute man in
football. They put me in at the last minute if they
knew they had completely lost or they knew they had
won. I was a halfback. I loved football. Today I
love it. How good were you? I was a member of the
second team. But at that time, there was no doubt.
Matter of fact, I became the cadet colonel in my
senior year to command the regiment of Forest High
School. OK, let's talk about that. And that took
most of my time. And furthermore, I was vice
president of my senior class and a member of tall
beta pi for the National Honor Society for high
grades and all. But really, I was quite active. And
I really didn't have much time to devote to
football, I think I could have done better. But my
coach, who was also my algebra coach, knew of my
other activity. And I think it was just sort of a
compromise. But I was good enough to make the
second team. I'm always interested in when
generals started leadership roles. And it
appears to me that you started yours by the time you
were 14, 15 years old. Is that true? Or would you
tell me? I would imagine that, since you asked me
the question and being objective and honest about
it, I would say that in about the middle of my high
school career, my teachers, and particularly my
commandant, Colonel Coleman of Forrest High
School in Dallas, began to recognize
above average devotion to military and to really
anything I did. I was an A student and anything I did
I always strived to do it the best I could. That was a
motto that I developed as a kid and still have. If
you don't do it right, don't do it at all. I teach my
kids the same thing. I guess they saw it and began to
promote me faster. I was promoted faster than my
cohorts of compatriots and military, and I
rapidly became the, well, I was made the top man in
the high school ROTC, the cadet colonel. And I'm
sure it was in those last few years in high school
that to my staying in the military and even went
beyond that to get a little bit more money and at the
behest of some of my older friends in high school
ROTC who were members of the Texas National Guard,
I joined the 144th Infantry in Dallas as a private
in an infantry outfit and rapidly became a platoon
sergeant in the Texas National Guard in the
infantry. How old were you at that time? I was a
junior in high school in 1932, so that made me 17
years old. So when you were 18 you were already a
sergeant in the National Guard? Yes. When I was 17 I
was a sergeant in the Texas National Guard
infantry and I was the cadet colonel of the Forest
High School ROTC Regiment. And I think it was there
that really I still wanted an aeronautical
engineer degree and to build airplanes. And I
think it was after a high school ROTC that I had a
chance to join the Army for one year to get to West
Point, and that was a way to get my education.
Not doing that, then joining the flying cadets and
becoming actually a military pilot in the Army Air
Corps at that time. Then I really decided to stick
to the military and be a fighter pilot. What was it
about the military that was so attractive to you
when you were 17 years old? Well, it partly solved
my problem of
feeling on a level with my fellow students, both
girls and boys, wore uniforms. And therefore, I
wasn't, I didn't appear in class in some second
grade types of clothes, if you will. And that
increased my, helped increase my ego. And my
closest friend, whose parents were Bohemians,
They took an interest in me and recognized my
desire to be a higher-class person and all, and
they actually paid for my summer camp. They bought
my first pair of boots when I became an officer in
high school ROTC. Actually, high-grade
German-made boots in Germany when they visited
Europe, they bought me a pair of German boots,
German-made field boots back. I wore those all
year during my four years in high school. I
probably had them half sold at least six times.
So one of the things you liked about the military
was that everybody in uniform was on an equal
point. Right. And I liked the, I won't say I liked
the regimentation, but I liked the feeling of
being a part of something.
As I became a corporal or sergeant, I developed the
feel of commanding people, or if you will, not so
much commanding them, but motivating them.
Having a person do something that I told him to do.
Follow orders. Follow orders. I
learned the difference between people. very
rapidly in telling a person to do something. When
he wouldn't do it, when he would do it, when you're
not sure he's going to do it, the dependability of
people.
I began to learn how to motivate people to do things
that they didn't want to do. I learned to recognize
the differences in young men's feelings, whether
they wanted to be in the military or not.
There were many wealthy children, children from
wealthy parents that went to my high school. And
there were a lot of poor boys that went to my high
school, but the majority of them were wealthy
people from Jewish families in the South Dallas
area. And many of these boys would be under me in
military, and here I was, a poor boy.
What about the discipline? Did you like
discipline?
I didn't mind discipline. As a matter of fact, you
can tell by what I've told you so far that I learned
to discipline myself. I'm a self-disciplined
person, very, very self-disciplined person. And
I have no patience with a person who isn't
self-disciplined. This is a characteristic I
developed. Well, see, this fits with military. I
don't mind discipline. I admire it.
I love confidence, competence, reliability.
I am happy to see the results of my work. I'm happy to
see my impact on people. I take pride in this. I take
great pride in getting a person to do something,
and while he's doing it, he likes it. I learned this
in military. In other words, it was the first real
big step in overcoming my
poor environment as a poor kid. I began to rise
above it, and I loved it. And it was shortly after my
graduation from high school in ROTC and being a
member of the National Guard, which continued on
for two or three years until I entered the flying
contest in 1938, that I knew I was going to stay with
the military. So you had already made up your mind
as a young man that you wanted to have a military
career? I had made up my mind in my latter teenage
years that I was going to have a military career.
Did you consider yourself popular in high school?
It's interesting you ask that question. I was
elected the most popular student in my senior
class band. And surprisingly, the girl I was going
with was elected the most popular girl. And the way
they put it, though, is the one most likely to
succeed and best liked by his fellow students. the
way they described it. And I'll never forget it as
long as I live. And I'm impressed with what you're
doing on the team. My picture was published in the
front page of Dallas Morning News that day. I bet
you have a copy of that around the house someplace.
I have a picture in one of my albums someplace. Now,
it seems to me then that when you graduated from
high school, you had some firm goals. Is that true?
Yes, when I graduated from high school, I
definitely wanted college education, and I
wanted to go to Texas A&M. That was in 1933. But the
influence of my father again, the pressure, if you
will, to work, and the fact that he couldn't or
wouldn't help And he really couldn't help
financially to send me to college, because they
had other kids to take care of, too. I just knew I was
going to have to work for a while. And it was in...
Did you ever think about applying for
scholarships to any universities?
I really didn't have anything to establish the
basis for a scholarship, except good grades. I
didn't do it. I think it might have been because I
figured I was going to have to work a while to help
the family. Why did you think that you wanted to go
to Texas A&M instead of some other university?
Well, Texas A&M was one thing, was military
school. Sure. And I couldn't get a congressional
appointment to go to West Point. Yeah. And at least
I'd be able to take military, and I just liked what I
had learned about colleges compared to all of
them, but I just want to go to Texas A&M. It's a band
school. You just liked what you heard about it.
Right, right. Now, let's talk about the
Depression. You said that the Depression had an
impact on your life. Would you explain that?
Well, when you live in a crowded house, and
sometimes all you have at night is lot of beans and
if you get in late the other kids have eaten more
than their share and not much left and when you have
to sleep in a bed with as a young kid now this was in
1929 let's say I was 14 years old maybe have to sleep
in even in the same bed with your sister in a bedroom
with two other beds with some other kids in it, and
having an outside toilet, no indoor sewage
facilities, and in a kitchen where my mother had no
modern sink to work out of, had to carry water from
outside, and
having to go out and chop wood to put in the stove for
heat and for cooking. and sometimes it seemed that
I was the only boy to do it.
Having the lights turned off because you can't pay
the bill, having the phone cut up because you can't
pay the bill,
not being able to pay the doctor bills, seeing my
sisters and brothers go with teeth that needed
fixing and seeing my fellow students having their
teeth fixed and my sister's brother's not. All of
these things make an impression on me.
What was that impression? You want to do better.
You want to get out of it. You know you can do better.
Detecting a feeling from my relatives, who were
better off than my mother and father on both sides,
particularly my father's side, where they looked
down on my family, even my, looked down even on my
father, his own brother and sister did.
These things left an imprint on me. I guess all of
these things made me quite an analytical type of a
person, even in my young teens. into why these, why
this, why so forth and so forth, and having to
submit and work while my fellow students played
and had money to go to shows and so forth,
not being able to dress well enough to even have
dates really living a little bit in chain all of
these things have an impact and there are all of
these things all the economic conditions did you
say that your father had a hard time finding work
during the Depression? So it got worse during the
Depression? Yes. Oh, yes. You said 1929, of
course, that's when the Depression starts, but it
really hits the balls in 1932. Well, 32 and 33,
that's right. And it was in 1929, 1933, you see that
I was in high school. And like I say, I had my
friends, parents, not provided the money to buy my
uniform, particularly those boots, costly
boots, a uniform which you wore every day to go to
high school. I am sure, I'm almost sure, I had to
drop out of high school because I wouldn't have
clothes
to wear. My dad didn't have enough money to,
sometimes you've got to work for a week or so. And
living from day to day, He wouldn't give me, some
mornings even, you know, upset, my dad wouldn't
even give me the fifteen cents for lunch money that
I would use to buy, you know, maybe a hamburger and a
glass of milk for lunch. Sometimes he's irate at me
because I wouldn't quit school. He wouldn't give
me the fifteen cents. But nevertheless, somehow
or another, I always managed to have seven cents 14
cents, 7 cents to come back on car fare in my last
year in high school.
Many people were poverty stricken in our
environment where we lived during the
Depression.
But it seemed like we were always worse off. My dad
was not a good manager. He was a selfish person, and
he'd spend money on his car before he'd spend money
on some of us kids. What did your mother think about
it? My mother and father thought an awful lot about
this. Her philosophy was, I guess I got my basic
philosophy from my mother, sacrifice and so
forth. But she and my father clashed an awful lot.
And of course, the environment is what made it that
way, not enough to go around. And my mother
probably didn't get along well at all. And of
course, it's another thing I observed. Sure. Did
your father ever accept, or did your family ever
accept any federal help? Because this is the time
that Franklin Roosevelt comes in and establishes
the New Deal.
My father definitely would take any handout he
could get and wasn't ashamed of it at all. And so he
accepted federal funds? Yes. Well, I don't
remember any particular federal funds at that
time, like food stamps as they are today. But it
seemed like there was some sort of an organization
where he actually went down and got food. I can't
remember this very well. But I do need church or
some YMCA or Salvation Army or something. No, we
never got any help from that. Through my mother's
religious zeal to keep us kids in church, the
minister would come to see us, but I don't remember
ever any financial help from a church or any YMCA
organization.
My neighbors would help, yes. My relatives,
particularly my favorite Uncle John, dad's
brother, who was a court reporter at that time, he
would help a lot. And I became the pride and joy of
his life when I graduated from high school with
honors.
It was hard, hard times. Did your father ever work
for the WPA or the CCCs or anything like that? No,
no. And to carry on and answer your question, I
remember it was in 1936 and 37, through the Home
Owners Loan Corporation, where they helped
people pay for their home.
My dad, through a job he had with a southwestern
life insurance company man, painting houses,
buy a house in Oak Cliff at quite a reduced price.
And immediately thereafter, it was obvious he
couldn't make the payments. The payments were $37
and $50. No, the payments were $50 a month. And I
remember taking a job with the US Treasury
dispersing office in 1938.
six, and seven. And I would pay those payments on
that home. That's the only way we could keep that
home. You made that much money? I made $37.50 every
two weeks. And I would take $25 each two weeks and
keep up the payments on that. Whenever he failed, I
would make the payments. That's the only way we
kept that home for a while. How long did you keep
that home? We kept that home until I... left went to
the flying cadets and uh was away from home of
course and military and then my dad lost it he could
no longer make those payments
what what political party did he vote for i guess my
dad today painted grave was still a democrat uh did
he support franklin roosevelt i he He talked
openly about supporting the president, but I
doubt, seriously, my dad and mother ever voted in
their entire life. But he was definitely a
Democrat. Hated the Republicans. To him, the
Republican was a rich man's party. The Democrat
was a poor man's party. Therefore, I'm a Democrat.
Did that have any influence on your political
philosophy? Looking back, no. Today, I'd call
myself, really, if you will, more of an
independent, I've always thought for myself. Of
course, in the military life, you know, it's a
little bit different, but I'd call myself more of
an independent, definitely, absolutely, and
absolutely a conservative, assuming the
conservative and the old, you know, definition. A
conservative on what issues? Every issue you can
think of. I think that the Social Security Act,
although conceived probably in the right spirit
at the time of the Roosevelt administration, is
probably today one of the worst things that could
have happened to this country from the standpoint
of our democratic system and the old system in the
United States, the economy where a man has a chance
to work. make a living. I think it's, I think in
concept, it is a horrible thing.
And I'm drawing it. And you're drawing it. And I'm
drawing it. Do you see any inconsistency there?
Nope. I paid them.
Okay. You did. Right. And I wonder what's going to
happen to The money that you're putting in this
thing now, and your later life, the main thing that
I don't like about is they tell me right now, we're
getting off subject, but this is something I feel
strong about. Right now, I cannot make more than
$463 a month, or they'll take money away from me.
Now, that is something. Where's the incentive?
Where's the incentive? They say when you get 72,
you make all the money you want to. It's basically
wrong, the concept of it. To pay,
well, in effect, if you will, you can do it paying
people not to work. And no wonder there is graft in
it. No wonder it opens the field for People who
don't have the so-called people of the minority,
if you will, and the culture of some of them. No
wonder. Well, we're all going to get back now. I
wanted to know your political philosophy. And
basically, you say you're conservative as far as
everything's concerned. Well, I am for it. And in
other words, you voted then for the Republicans
straight through. I voted for Reagan and his
philosophy. What about earlier? Have you
switched as far as when you got older? Forward, I
voted for Nixon. I was for Kennedy. Did you vote for
Goldwater? I don't remember voting that year. I
don't remember voting that year. But you were for
Kennedy? Yes, yes. I don't know why, but I think
that young fellow would have been one of our
greatest presidents if he continued. I liked his
leadership. He stood up to Russia and Russia
backed down. I'll never forget that as long as I
live. And people today don't realize this. I was in
Moscow for a year and I know what makes the Russians
stand up and think and pull back and stop. It's
force. They respect it. We're going to get to that
when we get there. Okay, so we're basically done
with your education. But let's go now to the
beginnings of your military career. Tell me about
that. You mean professional? Yeah. Well, like I
say, I was... You couldn't get into West Point. I
couldn't get into West Point. You couldn't get
into the Army Air Corps. Greatest
disappointments in my young life. But looking
back now, it's all happened for the best, I'm sure.